feat: escort policy (#2)
open-autonomy/escort: diagram/EscortUpdated.md

# Escort Update
Escorts shared between the Fleet Management System (FMS) and the Autonomous Haulage System (AHS) shall be treated as immutable and as such, update calls are not supported.

> To update a escort, the Fleet Management System (FMS) shall delete the existing escort, and create a new escort with the new updated information.

Reviewer: Wording update for consistency. 
```suggestion
To update a escort, the Fleet Management System (FMS) shall deactivate the existing escort, and activate a new escort with the new updated information.
```
